Update README.md (#581)
iota-community/iota-wiki: README.md

### Local Development

1. Run `yarn install` in your terminal. If you want to also install the external docs use:
```
git submodule update --init --recursive --remote
yarn cli start
yarn cli checkout
```

> 2. Run `yarn start` or `BUILD=*/*/documentation,*/* yarn start` to inclue external docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `yarn start` to build the basic Wiki structure or `BUILD=*/*/documentation,*/* yarn start` to also include external docs
```
